deployment_best_practices.md (#22907)
sourcegraph/sourcegraph: doc/admin/deployment_best_practices.md

# Sourcegraph Deployment Best Practices

![](RackMultipart20210716-4-1fufq8b_html_237499165a11f2b9.gif)

## What does &quot;best practice&quot; mean to us?

Sourcegraph is a highly scalable and configurable application. As an open source company we hope our customers will feel empowered to customize Sourcegraph to meet their unique needs, but we cannot guarantee whether deviations from the below guidelines will work or be supportable by Sourcegraph. If in doubt, please contact your Customer Engineer or reach out to support.

## Sourcegraph Performance Dependencies

- number of users associated to instance
- user&#39;s engagement level
- number and size of code repositories synced to Sourcegraph.

_To get a better idea of your resource requirements for your instance use our_ [_resource estimator_](https://docs.sourcegraph.com/admin/install/resource_estimator)_._

> ## Deployment Best Practices

Reviewer: can we keep this information consolidated in the various deployment method documentation instead of giving it a separate page?

https://docs.sourcegraph.com/admin/install/docker-compose
https://docs.sourcegraph.com/admin/install/kubernetes
https://docs.sourcegraph.com/admin/install/docker

Author: @bobheadxi This document was first drafted as a what we support doc. While its titled "Best Practices" its intended as a tool that CEs, CSEs, and sales team members can show to customers intending to customize or diverge from "standard" use cases

Reviewer: I've opened a PR with a potential direction, as well as added a patch to demonstrate how to apply what I'm talking about here! Would appreciate if you could take a look :)

- https://github.com/sourcegraph/sourcegraph/pull/23029#issuecomment-884603490
- https://github.com/sourcegraph/sourcegraph/commit/d076a6a8d6403d1ca4737aa4cc027c4fab24678e

Reviewer 2: I think it's actually pretty important that this is a stand-alone document right now. At least for now. We want customers to easily see this all in one place for easier decision making and going down best path sooner. Can we please keep this as-is and also duplicate the information as you see fit (if you feel that strongly about it)? Happy to talk through this with you @bobheadxi so you can have context from the last 3 months of work, where this all came from, and why it matters quite a lot to not pull this info into multiple docs.

Reviewer: I'm curious why going through a link is a blocker here - for example, a customer looking for best practices regarding docker-compose can still easily see all relevant information (titled appropriately to hint at its contents), except this way _any_ customer who might not be even considering best practices yet can still see it as they go through the normal deployment docs. This makes it easier for us to update best practices as they change too.

Diff pasting here for reference: 

![image](https://user-images.githubusercontent.com/23356519/126580156-9cd982e5-168b-4bb6-bb2f-da2b4b8d7232.png)

If there's a decision document or something I can refer to about why going through links is very important, I'd appreciate if I could take a look! I'm skimming through one example listed (https://docs.gitlab.com/ee/administration/reference_architectures/#deviating-from-the-suggested-reference-architectures) and it's also primarily links, though it has a lot of context on deployment variation that they don't have documented elsewhere. I think a key difference is that we _do_ have references to strong recommendations about configuration everywhere, and it would be good to just consolidate. For example, in #23029 I noted some comments are copied in many places and each vary ever so slightly making it really hard to figure out what's "right"

Reviewer 2: Oh I see! I missed this dif in #23029 when I looked earlier and then saw this comment and it didn't click to go back and look. I agree with your approach .... I was worried this doc had to go away, but keeping this doc, moving to links so info is not duplicated, is, of course, brilliant! Long day for me, Robert; sorry you had to take extra time to get to me to get this.

Reviewer: No worries! I just noticed my original comment was poorly worded too - instead of arguing against "giving it a separate page" I think I meant "_placing_ it on a separate page" 😅 Thank you for taking a look, and sorry for the misunderstanding!

- The version argument in the .yaml file must be the same as in the standard deployment
- Users should only alter the .yaml file to adjust resource limits, or duplicate container entries to add more container replicas
- Minimum Docker version: v20.10.0 ([https://docs.docker.com/engine/release-notes/#20100](https://docs.docker.com/engine/release-notes/#20100))
- Minimum version of Docker Compose: v1.22.0 ([https://docs.docker.com/compose/release-notes/#1220](https://docs.docker.com/compose/release-notes/#1220)) - this is first version that supports Docker Compose format `2.4`
- Docker Compose deployments should only be deployed with `docker-compose up`, and not Docker Swarm

## Kubernetes

Kubernetes deployments may be customized in a variety of ways, we consider the following best practice:

- Users should use our [standard deployment](https://github.com/sourcegraph/deploy-sourcegraph) as a base, users may customize deployments via:

>   - vanilla Kubernetes .yaml files deployed with few modifications

Reviewer 3: ```suggestion
```
The sooner we scope all changes to Kustomize overlays I think the better our customer experience will be. Feel free to disregard though, this is more of a nit.

  - Kustomize [overlays](https://github.com/sourcegraph/deploy-sourcegraph/tree/master/overlays)

> - The minimum Kubernetes version should be the [GKE Stable release version](https://cloud.google.com/kubernetes-engine/docs/release-notes-stable) or the [latest AWS EKS version](https://docs.aws.amazon.com/eks/latest/userguide/kubernetes-versions.html)
> - The Sourcegraph host&#39;s Kubernetes version should be 1.17, 1.18, or 1.19

Reviewer 3: ```suggestion
- The suggested Kubernetes version is the current [GKE Stable release version](https://cloud.google.com/kubernetes-engine/docs/release-notes-stable)
- We attempt to support new versions of Kubernetes 2-3 months after their release.
```

Reviewer 3: We should avoid suggesting the latest EKS here. We typically lag behind supporting the new k8s versions.

- We test against Google Kubernetes Engine

_Unless scale, resiliency, or some other legitimate need exists that necessitates the use of Kubernetes (over a much simpler Docker Compose installation), it's recommended that Docker-Compose be used._

_Any major modifications outside of what we ship in the [standard deployment](https://github.com/sourcegraph/deploy-sourcegraph) are the responsibility of the user to manage, including but not limited to: Helm templates, Terraform configuration, and other ops/infrastructure tooling._

## Sourcegraph Server (single Docker container)

Sourcegraph Server is best used for trying out Sourcegraph. It&#39;s not intended for enterprise production deployments for the following reasons:

- Limited logging information for debugging
- Performance issues with:
  - more than 100 repositories
  - more than 10 active users
- Some Sourcegraph features do not have full functionality (Ex: Code Insights)

_It is possible to migrate your data to a Docker-Compose or Kubernetes deployment, contact your Customer Engineer or reach out to support and we&#39;ll be happy to assist you in upgrading your deployment._

> ## Additional Support Information

Reviewer: these don't seem related to deployment best practices 🤔

Reviewer: again, I don't think this should be in a separate page - instead, we should optimize for making this information surfaceable via searches and/or add links at points in the documentation that is related to this information

Author: As in other comment

### Browsers Extensions

- Sourcegraph and its extensions are supported on the latest versions of Chrome, Firefox, and Safari.

### Editor Extensions

Only the latest versions of IDEs are generally supported, but most versions within a few months up-to-date generally work.

- VS code: [https://github.com/sourcegraph/sourcegraph-vscode](https://github.com/sourcegraph/sourcegraph-vscode); we don&#39;t yet support VSCodium
- Atom: [https://github.com/sourcegraph/sourcegraph-atom](https://github.com/sourcegraph/sourcegraph-atom)
- Sublime Text 3: [https://github.com/sourcegraph/sourcegraph-sublime](https://github.com/sourcegraph/sourcegraph-sublime); we don&#39;t yet support Sublime Text 2 or 4
- Jetbrains IDEs: [https://github.com/sourcegraph/sourcegraph-jetbrains](https://github.com/sourcegraph/sourcegraph-jetbrains) - we only test with IntelliJ IDEA, but it should work with no issues in all Jetbrains IDEs:
  - IntelliJ IDEA
  - IntelliJ IDEA Community Edition
  - PhpStorm
  - WebStorm
  - PyCharm
  - PyCharm Community Edition
  - RubyMine
  - AppCode
  - CLion
  - GoLand
  - DataGrip
  - Rider

>   - Android Studio

Reviewer: this should be somewhere in https://docs.sourcegraph.com/extensions instead

Author: As in other comment
